I'll be honest with you I am so excited
to be here I am really excited to be at
a regular comedy gig seriously cuz about
one week ago I was in New York I was
doing a show for this investment bank
they were doing a charity night to raise
money for villages in India I thought
this is so stupid because one year ago I
was in a village in India and they were
doing a charity night to raise money for
investment banks in New York I'll be
honest with you I love this job I
started doing it in London a few years
ago and when I started I was debating
between doing a bartending course and
getting into stand-up comedy for the
bartending course that I looked at they
only taught you how to mix the drinks
they didn't teach you how to juggle the
glasses now let me ask the ladies here
is it cool when they juggle the glasses
yeah exactly that's what I thought if I
can't juggle the glasses I'm never going
to get laid
that's why I got under stand up comedy
and that was seven years ago and in the
last seven years I can't tell you how
many times how many times I wish I had
taken that bartending course what it is
a fun profession you get to travel quite
a bit
I was recently flying on an airline
called Kingfisher in first-class and
what I didn't know was if you wear
glasses and you're sitting in first
class somebody will come to you and
offer to clean your glasses I didn't
know this I am sitting in first class
this gorgeous air hostess walks up to me
with the tissue in her hand she says sir
would you like me to clean your
spectacles exactly cabin pressure I did
not hear the word spectacle
it's a little bit embarrassing when
you're standing in first class with your
pants around your ankles saying give me
the first class experience and traveling
nowadays it's ridiculous now with all
this terrorism stuff I remember the
olden days my father was a tea planter
we were on this flight once aircraft
goes to the end of the runway stops
turns around parks in a secluded part of
the airport
the pilot announces ladies and gentlemen
we would like to request you to deplane
the aircraft in an organized fashion
please do not panic we have received
news that there is a bomb on the flight
Indians being Indians nobody moved
somebody is eating the food they've
carried with them somebody is ordering a
drink literally had to be pushed outside
the aircraft on the way out people have
stopped to ask the pilot if the plane
explodes will we get a refund literally
get pushed outside the aircraft call up
the police police says not a damn job
call up the Air Force fo says not a damn
job call up the bomb squad the bomb
squad sends two mechanics these guys
come look at the plane from outside say
ha it doesn't look like anyone's
tampered with it you can go true story
between two hundred passengers in two
pilots they decided listen this is a
two-hour flight if this plane is gonna
blow
it's going to blow in the next two hours
why don't we just wait